Refine structure of the website (#49)
nlpsandbox/nlpsandbox-website-synapse: wiki/608450-SynapseEnvironment.md

## Overview

Synapse is a collaborative platform for researchers and developers. Synapse is
developed by Sage Bionetworks to offer services that support:

- Organization of digital research assets (e.g., files, SQL tables, Docker
  images)

> - Recording provenance to give researchers credits for their work

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  Provenance to give researchers credit for their work
```

- Collaboration among researchers

> The NLP Sandbox walk in the footsteps of previous successful scientific

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The NLP Sandbox builds on the successes of previous scientific
```

> challenges that been organized using Synapse. The NLP Sandbox relies on the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
challenges that have been organized using Synapse. The NLP Sandbox relies on the
```

following features of Synapse to enable its users to develop and benchmark new

> NLP Tools.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NLP Tools:
```

- Creation and management of Teams
- Unlimited storage of private Docker images

> - Benchmark the performance of NLP Tools on public and private datasets

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Benchmarking the performance of NLP Tools on public and private datasets
```

> The sections below describe how to setup your development environment on Synapse

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The sections below describe how to set up your development environment on Synapse
```

> so you can start developing and benchmarking your next NLP tool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
so that you can start developing and benchmarking your NLP tool.
```

## Create a Synapse account

> If you don't have already an account, visit the home page of [synapse.org] and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't have a Synapse account, you can create one at [synapse.org].
```

> register. Make sure to complete your profile information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please make sure to complete your profile information.
```

## Get Certified

> You need to certify your Synapse account if you want to perform the following

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will need to certify your Synapse account to perform the following
```

actions:

> - Update files to Synapse

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Upload files to Synapse
```

Just to clarify, is this to update or to upload?

Author: @ychae Upload

> - Update Docker images to Synapse

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Push Docker images to Synapse
```

To clarify, is to the update or to upload?

- Benchmark the performance of NLP tools

> Follow these steps listed below to certify your Synapse account:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow these steps to certify your Synapse account:
```

1. Go to the page [User Types including Certified Users].
2. Click on the button "Become a Certified User".
3. Complete the certification form.

> You can confirm that your account is certified by visiting your [Synapse

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can verify that your account is certified by visiting your [Synapse
```

> Profile].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Profile]. You will see a "Certified" badge to the right on your profile page.
```

## Create a Synapse Team

> Playing -- huh -- working together will make your experience developing and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
~~Playing~~ Working together will make your experience developing and
```

> benchmarking NLP tools more enjoyable. Also, at the time of submitting a tool

Reviewer: ```suggestion
benchmarking NLP tools more enjoyable. When you submit a tool
```

> for evaluation, Synapse will ask you if the submission is made on behalf of a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for evaluation, Synapse will ask if the submission is made on behalf of a
```

User or a Team. Submitting as a Team offers more flexibility if you decide to

> invite team members to work with you in the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
invite team members to collaborate with you in the future.
```

Head to your [Synapse Teams page] to

> create a new Team. If you are looking for Team members, checkout the page [NLP

Reviewer: ```suggestion
create a new Team. If you are looking for Team members, check out the [NLP
```

> Sandbox Users & Teams]. You can also re-use an existing team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sandbox Users & Teams] page. You can also re-use an existing Synapse Team that you've used for other projects.
```

@tschaffter could you clarify what it means to re-use an existing team?

Reviewer 2: You can use an existing Synapse Team that you've used for other challenges.

Author: I updated the suggestion from Yooree to be more descriptive.

> ## Create a Synapse Project

Reviewer: Should this section include steps on how to create a Synapse project?

Author: I added a link to Synapse Get started documentation where how to create a project is described.

> Synapse projects offer unlimited storage for public and private images, which is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Synapse projects offer unlimited storage for public and private Docker images, which is
```

Reviewer 2: Its technically not unlimited, because there _is_ a limit on the size of the docker repository that is uploaded into Synapse.

Author: I meant unlimited in terms of number of images.

> the submission format required by the NLP Sandbox. Synapse projects offers other

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the submission format required by the NLP Sandbox. Synapse project also offer other
```

> collaborative tools like a Wiki, file sharing, and a discussion forum. Sharing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
collaborative tools such as Wikis, file sharing, and a discussion forum. Sharing
```

settings can be set individually for each of these features.

![Synapse Project Docker][syn-project-docker-repository]

> Finally, give your Team access to this project by clicking on the button **Project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, be sure to give your Team access to this project by clicking on the button **Project
```

> Settings**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Settings** and adding them to the project with the right level of permissions.
```

> ## Register for the NLP Sandbox

Reviewer: Does the user have to register both themselves and their team?

Reviewer 2: Yes, if you create a team, you not only have to register yourself, but also register the team.
